docs: Provide CN translation for eight additionalfeatures docs (#1463)
espressif/vscode-esp-idf-extension: docs_espressif/en/additionalfeatures/rainmaker.rst

ESP RainMaker
=============

:link_to_translation:`zh_CN:[中文]`

> This tutorial shows you how to use `ESP RainMaker <https://rainmaker.espressif.com>`_ integration in this extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows you how to integrate `ESP RainMaker <https://rainmaker.espressif.com>`_ functions in the ESP-IDF extensions.
```
